>> Kevin Powell: And what I just talked
about there with JavaScript is something
that's considered
a progressive enhancement.
We're enhancing the page for
users who have that feature, in this case,
JavaScript, so most people are getting
the enhanced version of it.
There's other times where we can
add progressive enhancements to our
pages as well.
And this is one of those situations that
comes up where people will be you know,
should every user have
the exact same user experience?
And people want cross browser
experiences to all be identical.
And then there's the idea of
pixel perfection and all of this.
I've always found it a little bit funny
that somebody's completely fine with one
user having two different
experiences on a given website.
Because if I open
a website on my phone and
I go to the same website on my computer,
they're not the same experience.
The layout is different,
the navigation is probably different,
the interactions might even be different,
and
that's me as a single user getting
two different experiences.
So, I don't understand why two users that
never see those two different, one user
ends Fauci and one user on Chrome need
to have an exact same user experience.
When one singular user can have multiple
different experiences on a single website.
And the idea of progressive enhancement
is adding features that make
the site better or prettier or
do nice things, or whatever it is.
It makes it enhances the website,
but it does so in a progressive way.
So we're not using a technology that
ruins the website for somebody else.
Everything is completely functional,
they're getting the base styling.
They're gonna have
a website that works and
then on users that are on more modern
browsers or support other features.
Then even from could be JavaScript,
or it could be some CSS features, or
it could be a lot of other things.
If those are supported, then they get
that fancier version of whatever it is.
And we're gonna be looking at a few
features, going forward from here that
are really, really nice progressive
enhancements that we can add to our page.